Update how-to-manage-compute-instance.md (#221)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-ai-docs: articles/machine-learning/how-to-manage-compute-instance.md

---

> [!Caution]

> > Applying resource locks, such as "Delete" or "Read-only", to the resource group containing your Machine Learning workspace or to a separate resource group where you've configured a Virtual Network (VNet), can prevent operations like creation, resizing, or deletion of these instances. Ensure that resource locks are configured appropriately to avoid unintended disruptions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Applying resource locks, such as "Delete" or "Read-only", to the resource group that contains your Machine Learning workspace or to a separate resource group where you've configured a virtual network can prevent operations like creation, resizing, or deletion of these instances. Ensure that resource locks are configured appropriately to avoid unintended disruptions. 
```
Edits to align with Microsoft style
